you're the worst sister EVER you told
the whole school that i play with
American Girl dolls I wish you were
never born she's the worst sister EVER I
wish she was never born hey you what hi
yes she's the worst sister EVER he say
the following your sister would have
never been born are you in yes ayman if
you just say sister be gone sister be
gone huh what's this dear Celeste you
misunderstood when I said what I told
everybody that you play with American
Girl dolls i meant i was telling the
dogs crazy I know oh no mom yes sweetie
r is melissa melissa is she one of your
friends no my sister my older sister
Rosa when he talking about sweetie
you're an only child Oh No if you
mysterious guy and creepy mysterious guy
I want to undo my wish I'm sorry cannot
be done no no told you cannot be undone
now go I want her back now huh oh no
what am I gonna do cecile fullest up why
you help me where are you I'm in the
woods I'm coming co huh felissa be
careful he's he's he's dangerous
Oh
that's our see ya
don't even think about it no
what's going